So we had to look at Latin Konst.
But another important field or a big change happened are functions.
You probably know the way to write functions like this.
I have my function with parentheses and then I have my body where I may do something for example like
hello to the console and if I now run this function like this you'll of course see Hello.
So that isn't too new but iOS 6 introduces a new syntax we can use to write or functions.
I can rewrite this function here in the following way.
I can assign it to a variable f n that is equal to and then I keep the parentheses.
But then I use does that arrow is Sidus equal sign followed by the greater than sign.
And if I now had run what do you think will happen.
It still works.
This is just a different way to write this function.
And I'll explain what happens here.
The pair of parentheses here stands for the arguments you want to pass to disfunctions in this function
not passing any arguments but an important thing to know is we always have to provide the empty pair
of parentheses if we're not passing any arguments then separated by these fat arrow as it is called
.
You have the function body and and work inside of this body all you execute your code.
Now since we're only having one line of code there is even a shorter way to write this.
I can remove the belly braces and simply write the function like this.
If I now Heidrun you'll still see it works.
So again if I only have one line of code I may leave out all the rest and write my function like this
.
Now while this might look a bit strange it's simply a shorter way to write or functions but it also
has another feature to which I will come back later.
First I want to talk a little bit more about the syntax and how it works.
Here we're printing something with the console but imagine actually we would expect to get something
back from this function which we could print to the console.
Now the cool thing is if all your function does is have one line of code and return something with that
line of code you could also simply add there's no return keyword or anything like that.
Just what you want to return.
If I now had run what do you think we'll see what we see.
Hello.
So this function here is technically the same as this function here
as much shorter of course.
So that's one thing but what if I do have more code than just one line.
Well then I reintroduce my colleague braces here
and then I can do whatever I want to do.
For example I might have my variable A and my variable B and I want to return a plus b.
If I run what do you think we'll see.
We see five so we're using this function body like you would use it in a normal function or like in
a function we know it from the ears fivesome next.
So this works fine but we also have this shorter way of writing it if we only have to read a statement
the way you saw before.
Now let's also talk about the arguments I'm not passing any arguments set that you need to provide this
empty pair of parentheses in this case.
So how does this change if they actually do pass arguments.
Let's say I want to pass a and b to it.
So like 3 and 8 for example and I'm expecting a and b here and then does this to Sendak's how I write
this.
I'm simply passing the arguments inside of the parentheses like do you have it in the traditional function
statement.
You probably know and then I can call this function.
So if I now had run we see 11 now.
Note of course that I again can get rid of everything but D A plus B term here and since I'm only having
one line and I'm returning this.
So if I hit wrong with.
So if I had run with that.
I also see 11.
Now the cool thing is if I only have one argument so let's say I don't have B but this is always 5 some
only passing a.
What do you think will happen if I call this function like this.
Well I got eight.
And what do you think will happen if I still pass an argument.
Well let's ignore it.
I still get eight but just never a co-feature if I only have one argument then I may and leave out the
parentheses and that's important to know that is the only condition or the only case where I don't need
parentheses.
If I have one argument if I have no arguments I need parentheses if I have two or more arguments I need
them two.
But if I only pass one argument I write I might write this function like this very very short of course
.
So for now at around we see 8 and is the shortest possible way I could think of writing this function
except for maybe trimming out the whitespace here.
So this are all functions in its basics or with the core syntax there is to it.
I want to find that you see here right that way is that you save characteris that allows you to write
functions in a more concise and shorter way.
Of course I can also use functions like this in let's say Kolpak.
So if I have my set time odd function here I may pass this function like this.
And then the second argument to this time on functions I passed the interval 1 millisecond so to do
something after 1 second.
Now of course you're returning something doesn't really suffice so I will instead simply log hello and
owls and not get any arguments here so I'll just pass parentheses like this.
And you autocomplete here is really helpful.
Thank you.
So for now I have to run what you think will happen.
I get hello after one second cell.
This is a place where I could use functions as well.
Generally I can use error functions wherever I used normal functions before as and yet they are Chesed
functions just a different syntax.
However there is one big addition to them that I haven't talked about yet.
It's concerning that this keyword and javascript as you might be aware the this keyword oftentimes is
the root of a lot of problems or a lot of mis understanding the least and it can lead to good behaviour
or you were not expecting you to the fact hell.
This is assigned to different parts of the thread objects and you want to learn more about that.
Definitely Google for some articles on that or check out my Chalis good boot camp course where I will
also explain how this works.
Now you are most human you are aware of how this works and I want to show you how it differs with use
and text.
That arrow functions and the all functions